Manual approval of registration requests (#1175)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/operating/operating-tutorials/configuring-manual-approval-rules.md

---
date: '2023-03-15'
title: "Configuring Manual Approval Rules"
menu:
  corda-5-beta:
    identifier: corda-5-beta-config-manual-approval
    parent: corda-5-beta-tutorials-reg-requests
    weight: 1000
section_menu: corda-5-beta
---
As described in [Manual Registration Approval]({{< relref "../manual-registration.md" >}}), membership groups can require that member registration requests are manually approved (or declined). This section describes how to manage manual registration rules.

## Adding a Group Approval Rule

To add a group approval rule, use the [PUT method of the mgm/{holdingidentityshorthash}/approval/rules endpoint](../../rest-api/C5_OpenAPI.html#tag/MGM-API/operation/post_mgm__holdingidentityshorthash__approval_rules) of the REST API.

> For example, to specify that all requests in the `corda` namespace must be manually approved:

Author: @YashNabar This wasn't very clear in your draft. Can you be sure to review? Thanks

Reviewer: Perhaps something along the lines of
```suggestion
For example, to specify that all requests with changes to keys in the 'corda' namespace must be manually approved:
```
